Add the EfficiencyFilter algorithm and tests running it (#322)
key4hep/k4FWCore: README.md

Algorithm merging multiple collections of the same type into a single collection.

### EfficiencyFilter

> Algorithm that takes a collection and creates a subset collection with a random sample of the elements of the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Algorithm that takes a collection and creates a subset collection by randomly rejecting elements according to the user defined `Efficiency`.
```

Reviewer: I am not sure there is a use case for `Exact = True` but ok, it is there already
